legacy links updated (tw 219) (#224)
temporalio/samples-typescript: activities-dependency-injection/README.md

# Activities Dependency Injection

This sample shows how to [share dependencies](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development/foundations?lang=typescript/#develop-activities) between Activities: for example, when you need to initialize a database connection once and then pass it to multiple Activities.

[`src/worker.ts`](./src/worker.ts)

### Running this sample

> 1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [quick install guide](https://docs.temporal.io/clusters/quick-install)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [quick install guide](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development/foundations#run-a-development-cluster)).
```
